Please read following notes below before trying to run DVR Transcode related testing 
programs.

1. What is it?

  This directory contains DVR Transcode testing programs utilizing DVR extension library 
  or APIs. Programs are testing aginst Transcode services. 

2. Introduction of Test Programs

- transcodecmd.c: Basic Transcode service testing program using a command option. 
  A recording name and the record's directory name should be entered. Then, the program
  will print out the record's video codec and audio codec information.  
  You can choose video codec and audio codec for the transcoded recording except for the 
  video codec and audio codec of the record. Both the new video codec and audio codec are 
  chosen, the transcoded recording will be generated under the transcode directory.
  The command option can get by pressing a '?' key (without apostrophe) and the program 
  will exit by pressing a 'q' key (without apostrophe).
     
- transcodeauto.c: After TSB service has started, TSB conversion is performed to store a
  record and the recording will be used for the source of multiple transcode recordings. 
  Based on the available or supported video codecs and audio codes, which are defined in
  the code, multiple combitaions of video codec and audio codecs are generated and they 
  will be used for the variations of transcoding.  
 

3. How to build programs

  Type make to build whole programs or make program-name to build a separate program. The 
  built program is located under the nexus/bin directory automatically.

 
4. How to run a program

  On the STB console, type nexus program-name, where program-name is one of built programs.
  In general, since these stand-alone programs are not removing TSB converted permanent 
  recording or transcoded recordings automatically, after the program exits, running stand-alone 
  program named removeall (located under the /utils/recordings directory) is recommended before 
  re-starting one of these testing programs.  


  Jaeho Lee (dalee@broadcom.com) 
